Files in this directory:

 - `test.config.yml`: A configuration file for the network used by the
   automation scripts, referencing some of the below files.

 - `ibnetdiscover.out`: The file containing the topology of the network
   as produced by `ibnetdiscover` on a live fabric.

 - `ibdiagnet.fdbs`: The file containing the switch filtering databases
   as produced by `ibdiagnet` on a live fabric.

 - `ranktohost.csv`: Mapping of MPI ranks to network hosts.

 - `trace.prv`, `trace.pcf`, `trace.row`: The Paraver trace generated by
   Extrae along with associated metadata files.

 - `example-mpi-program.c`: The MPI program that generated the trace, for
   reference purposes.

Running the model produces the following intermediate files:

 - `dimemas.cfg`: A configuration file describing the network and task
   layout to Dimemas.  Can be modified to make some adjustments to the
   properties of the network, but should be kept consistent with the
   OMNet++ representations.

 - `test.ned`: Network description file for OMNet++, which creates the
   needed model objects and their connections.

 - `test.fdbs`: The filtering database (a.k.a. routing table) for every
   switch in the topology.

 - `test.ini`: The configuration file for OMNet++ which references the
   above files and provides some additional configuration.  This
   references some other INI files in the source distribution.

Steps to run:

1. Generate the input Dimemas trace:

```
$ prv2dim trace.prv trace.dim
```

2. Ensure Dimemas has been built with the Venus client enabled:

```
pushd ${DIMEMAS_SOURCE_DIR}
./configure --enable-venus
make
sudo make install
```

3. Run the model as follows:

```
cd examples/dimemas_single_message
export NEDPATH=..:../../src
../../utils/run_cosimulation.sh trace.prv test
```

Both OMNet++ and Dimemas will run in a tmux window.  Eventually both
will complete.  OMNet++ will produce a "results" folder with statistics,
and Dimemas will produce an output trace in the "predicted.prv" file.
